hey everybody welcome to the Wolfe pit
today we're gonna make beef and refried
bean burritos so I start off with the to
a half pound chuck roast I'm gonna chief
can tell obviously it's still frozen got
a cold pan frozen meat
now we're gonna add 1 24 ounce jar of
salsa and I'm using a medium chunky
salsa today you can use any kind of
sauce that you want your paper now we're
gonna add 2 cups of water we're gonna
add 2 tablespoons of chili powder a
teaspoon of salt a tablespoon of oregano
2 teaspoons of cumin now we're gonna
bring this up to a simmer put a lid on
it
turn it on low and let it cook until the
meat is tender and I'm thinking this
will probably take about 3 3 and 1/2
hours
all right after about 3 hours my chuck
roast is tender you see it just pushes
through with a spatula here so we're
gonna break this apart reduce the liquid
alright our meat is done the broth is
reduced all the way down I'll turn this
off and get our refried beans go alright
we're gonna go ahead and make our
refried beans and we're sort off with
the teaspoon of granulated onion
teaspoon of granulated garlic a teaspoon
of chili powder teaspoon of black pepper
and a teaspoon of cumin
now these beans are not gonna be refried
at all they're just gonna be called
refried beans but there's no frame
involved in these these are this is
three cans of pinto beans with the juice
we're gonna bring these up to a simmer
and let the juice reduce and once it's
reduced armlets all the way down we're
gonna go ahead and mash them up so these
will be low fat or no fat for refried
beans
once our liquid is reduced by half
go ahead and begin mashing these because
you can tell that if they've taken up
quite a bit we're gonna start mashing
these all right or refried beans are
done you see how nice thick big became
I'm gonna go ahead and build our
burritos all ready to go ahead and build
our burrito start off with some refried
beans
now we're gonna go ahead and load up our
beef
now a handful of Mexican blend cheese
roll this up a burrito is done we're
gonna cut this in half as our shredded
beef our homemade refried beans cheese
burrito give us a taste and see how it
turned out need all the goodness of it
delicious savory meat spicy beans creamy
cool cheese delicious thank you guys
very much for watching and we'll see you
next time